[Table of contents](../Documentation.md)
# Customer Identity
Salesforce Customer Identity is an Identity and Access Management (IAM) service that improves your engagement with your customers and partners. Create sites for your customers and partners that are customized to your needs and best represent your brand. Use various tools to customize how your users log in, register, verify their identity, and use single sign-on to access your web pages and apps.

`Customer Identity is similar to Salesforce Identity for Employees`, but focuses on how customers and partners connect to your org and experience your brand.


## Passwordless Login
To make login and registration more accessible to your users, configure passwordless login.\
With passwordless login, users can log in, sign up, and even register identity verification methods without the trouble of remembering usernames or passwords.

### Email or Phone Number Registration
Implement passwordless login for self-registration by letting `users register with an email address or phone number`, which saves them from having to create and remember a username and password. When users self-register, they’re prompted to enter their email address or phone number. `Salesforce sends a verification code to the user via the method that they specified`.

After the user enters the verification code in Salesforce, they can log in with their email address or phone number. `Each time they log in, Salesforce sends them a verification code that they can use instead of a password`.

### Verification Method Registration
To give users even more control, let them register and deregister a variety of verification methods:
- email
- SMS
- time-based one-time password (TOTP)
- physical U2F security key
- Salesforce Authenticator. 

After users register a verification method, they can use it to log in. For example, instead of logging in with a password, a user can log in with a TOTP generated by an authenticator app.