[Table of Contents](../Documentation.md)

# File Storage 

## Allocation & Limitations

### File Storage Allocation

All orgs are allocated `10GB for file storage by default.`

File storage = `10GB + number of licenses * license allocations + Extra add-ons`

### File Storage by Salesforce Edition

|SALESFORCE EDITION|FILE STORAGE ALLOCATION PER ORG|FILE STORAGE ALLOCATION PER USER LICENSE| 
|--|--|--|
| Professional  | 10 GB  | 612MB
| Enterprise    | 10 GB  | 2GB 
| Performance   | 10 GB  | 2GB
| Unlimited     | `10 GB`  | `2GB`
| Developer     | 20 MB   | N/A

### File Limitations
- File size limit: 2GB
- Files attached to articles in Lightning Knowledge: 5MB
- Files can only be shared 2K times.
- File Connect allows file usage from Google Drive, Dropbox, etc.


### When to Consider an External Solution?
- Streaming video.
- Very large files (more than 2GB).
- Files already available in an external tool.



## File Features 

### Protected File Sharing
`Files can be shared with a public link and a password` (An expiration date of maximum 90 days is required). The link and password can be generated by Apex and shared to the user via email/sms.

### File Connect (External Data Storage)
With Files Connect, Salesforce users can access, share, and search external data from systems like `Quip`, `Google Drive`, `SharePoint`, or `Box`.
File Connect is not meant to replace "Attachments"; it's for accessing personal files and sharing them.

## External Data Storage with App Exchange

### List of Solutions (Sample)
This is a non-exhaustive list of solutions available in App Exchange.
- **S-Drive** `Recommended`
- CloudFiles
- S3-link | Amazon Connector

### S-Drive (Recommended Solution)
External tool available in App Exchange.

S-Drive utilizes Amazon S3 for data storage.

### Key Features
- File management, Microsoft format editor
- E-Signature with DocuSign
- Tooling API for migration
- Salesforce Sharing model

### Migration
Migration can be performed using their tooling API to migrate files in Amazon S3 and link them to Salesforce records.
